welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead world beyond episode 8.
at the end of last episode it sure
looked like silas killed uncle tony so
they've got him tied up outside perseus
disappeared there's a trail of blood
that leads to the river so they think
silas attacked him too and assume he's
dead as well they're hoping silas didn't
do it but it sure looks like he got
blackout drunk and lost control attacked
percy because he's in love with iris
and silas who was blackout drunk doesn't
remember anything he assumes he did it
too
yes this episode we finally get silas's
full backstory it's been hinted at
multiple times before and it is exactly
what it looks like he had an abusive
father and one day he beat him to death
this flashback is drawn out in pieces
over the course of the entire episode as
silas wanders the house remembering not
just the bad times but the good times
too in the end his dad came back as a
zombie and he had to kill him again
yaskari so the adult's plan is to banish
silas from the group
leave him here and go on without him but
his best friend elton doesn't want this
it's like hey man help me prove your
innocence but silas is like sorry i'm
pretty sure it was me i've got an
uncontrollable rage monster inside
in fact later when zombies come at him
he decides he's gonna let the zombie
kill him he deserves it but luckily hope
came out there to stop it like hey man
you got issues
one interesting conversation is between
elton and iris elton's like yo
hypothetically if silas did lose control
and kill persian uncle tony that's not
necessarily a deal breaker
there's no laws out here in the zombie
apocalypse silas is my friend i'd rather
stick by him no matter what iris
considers that she does really like
silas and it's like hey man tell me you
didn't do this but he can't he's like
look
sorry iris i have a crush on you but i'm
a monster so silas to protect his
friends from himself decides to leave
the group of his own accord but elton's
not gonna let him wander the zombie
apocalypse alone it's like hey that's my
best friend i'm gonna go be there with
him plus who knows maybe i'll find my
long lost mom and baby sister out there
this finally brings hope to the breaking
point she's like elton i'm sorry i can't
let you believe a lie and she tells him
the story of how
she killed his mom alton still decides
to leave and meet up with silas and as
you can imagine he is very sad
silas meanwhile is enjoying being alone
so far sometimes the best thing for your
mental health is just to wander the
zombie apocalypse alone he leaves behind
his walkman that he's always listening
to music on because
symbolic of something but now at the end
of the episode it's civic republic news
lieutenant colonel kublick is out in the
field she's meeting someone here they
still don't really explain anything this
guy's like hey is luring these kids to
new york really the easiest way and
she's like yes for reasons it is so we
still don't know what they really want
but turns out the person she's meeting
is hawk oh snap finally something
interesting huck has been a crm spy
this entire time and i think this
implies it was hook who killed uncle
tony and chased percy away
blamed it on silas they talk about the
asset could be any one of them my bet's
on hope we don't know what that's about
we know they're looking for a zombie
cure so maybe something to do with that
elizabeth gives huck a watch and it's
like oh is this
dads what are they sisters where will
this actually interesting new
development take us find out next time
on the walking dead world beyond
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member